well howdy there Internet people its Bo
yeah so tonight we are going to play
game we got like a hundred and thirty
million American stuck at home right now
and untold millions more overseas we
could probably all use a distraction and
if we're gonna play a game it might as
well be a learning experience and be
productive if there is one thing I'm
pretty sure that everybody in the world
has learned or last month it's that the
government response may not always be
what we would like it to be and that we
all need to be prepared to kind of hang
in there for as long as we can by
ourselves so tonight and over the next
few days we're gonna have a scavenger
hunt and we are all going to make
ourselves a little bit more prepared for
the next scenario we're all going to
build bug out bags out of the stuff that
we have at home now the rules to this
are pretty simple you can only use stuff
in your home anything you put in the bag
has to stay in the bags if you put a can
opener in it it can't be the one from
your kitchen that you always use the
reason for this is one we want these
bags to stay together so we are going to
exponentially increase the number of
people who are prepared for an emergency
the other part of this is that you know
you often when you talk to people about
this what they will tell you is well I
have all of this stuff but do you have
it together because in an emergency it's
got to be together you don't have time
to do what we're gonna do now so that's
the first rule second rule is you can't
use your kit if you already have one and
can't use that one you got to build
another one I'm going to and I'm not
going to use any of the stuff that I
have you've got to build one from
scratch now if
somebody wants to be wants to be
generous and wants to post a photo of
the kit that they already have put
together so people can get a better idea
of what should be in one that's awesome
that's awesome we are all going to take
photos of our scavenger hunt results and
post them on Twitter or Instagram or
wherever under the hashtag bow bag so
BAU ba G that way everybody can scroll
through and it's a learning experience
we all get to see what other people put
in theirs that way we can all learn from
it so be prepared to explain anything
weird that you stick in yours
what's our list what should be in it the
short answer the simple answer is food
water or fire shelter medicine and a
knife but food doesn't really just mean
food food could be a fishing kit it
could be rope for snares it could be a
can opener water it could be water
purification tablets fire it could be
matches a lighter also a flashlight
falls under that category shelter yeah
it could be a tent or it could be a
poncho medicine includes a first-aid kit
if you have one knife could be a
multi-tool or anything else and yes you
can go above and beyond and throw in a
radio or anything else you think you
might need so it should be fun and it
should be a learning experience for
everybody and here in a few days I will
scroll through the hash tag and whoever
I think put together the best one I'm
gonna send you something and then the
final rule is you know it's all going to
stay together by improve on it improve
on it in this scenario yeah everybody's
staying at home in the next scenario you
may not be able to emergencies happen
you know it could be a hurricane it
could be a wildfire it could be an
earthquake
could be a flawed you may have to
evacuate so this is going to give you a
leg up this is going to help hopefully a
whole bunch of people become a whole lot
more prepared and it'll be fun and we'll
all learn something I don't really have
a closing thought tonight so ready set
go anyway it's just bark y'all have a
good night